Add Synthetic Data Generation & Features to OSB Documentation (#11480)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _benchmark/reference/commands/generate-data.md

```

## Options

Use the following options with the `generate-data` command.

| Option | Required/Optional | Description |
|---|---|---|
| `--index-name` or `-n` | Required | The name of the data corpora you want to generate. |
| `--output-path` or `-p` | Required | The path where you want the data to be generated. |
| `--total-size` or `-s` | Required | The total amount of data you want to generate, in GB. |
| `--index-mappings` or `-i` | Conditional (Either `--index-mappings` or `--custom-module` must be specified)| The path to the OpenSearch index mappings you want to use. Required when using mapping-based generation. Cannot be used with `--custom-module`. |
| `--custom-module` or `-m` | Conditional (Either `--index-mappings` or `--custom-module` must be specified)| The path to the Python module that includes your custom logic. Required when using custom logic generation. Cannot be used with `--index-mappings`. The Python module must include the `generate_synthetic_document(providers, **custom_lists)` function. |
| `--custom-config` or `-c` | Optional | The path to a YAML configuration file defining rules for how you want data to be generated. |

> | `--test-document` or `-t` | Optional | When this flag is present, OSB generates a single synthetic document and outputs it to the console. This provides you with a way to verify that the example document generated aligns with your expectations. When the flag is not present, the entire data corpora will be generated. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--test-document` or `-t` | Optional | When this flag is present, OpenSearch Benchmark generates a single synthetic document and outputs it to the console. This provides you with a way to verify that the generated example document aligns with your expectations. When the flag is not present, the entire data corpora will be generated. |
```
